How do you feel about the speed in which aritificial inteligence is currently being developed and released to the masses?
What's a project that you've recently been working on or are really proud of? Screenshots?
What made you choose (insert university)?
If you could major in anything and be guaranteed a steady job after college, what would pick?
When you were a kid, what did you want to be when you grew up?
What was a “total freshman move” you made when you began college?
Who would you have dinner with if you could have it with any person, living or dead?
What was your senior quote in high school?
Who is your favorite U.S. president?
What is your favorite word?
When you were little, what book did you love?
If you could create a (silly) law, what would it be?
What’s the best class you’ve ever taken?
Have you ever failed at anything? If so, what?
What is the best piece of advice you’ve ever been given?
If you could speak and be heard by everyone in the world for one minute, what would you say?
Who is your role model in life?
What book/movie would you change the ending to if you could?
What was the last book you read?
What were you involved in in high school?
What’s your favorite planet in our solar system?
What is your favorite day of the year?
If you could instantly learn another language without studying it, which one would you pick?
If you could go back in time, but couldn’t change anything, what time would you go to?
What fictional character would you like to meet?
If you could only take two books on a desert island, which would you take?
What acquired skill have you always wanted to learn?
What programming language is your favorite and why?
Is there such a thing as evil people? What makes them evil?
Is it ever OK to lie?
Is it ever OK to hurt someone?
Does doing a bad deed make someone a bad person?
Do humans have a moral obligation to take care of the planet? Why or why not?
Do all animals deserve the same rights? Why or why not?
Is war ever ethical?
Is intentionally harming one for the good of the majority ethical?
Are people born good, or do we learn moral virtue?
Do all people deserve respect, no matter what they have done?
At what age are children held accountable for their actions?
Is it better to live to a ripe old age with little excitement or lead an adventurous but short life?
What does it mean to be free?
What does it mean to be successful in life?
Can perfection ever become reality?
Do you think the world would be better or worse if everyone thought the same way?
If you could take away all negative feelings, would this be a good or bad thing? 
Is everyone’s life of equal value, or is it more important to protect some lives than others?
Is it okay to break the law if there are extenuating circumstances?
Which is the better choice—fight or flight?
If you had all the time in the world, what would you fill it with?
If nobody cared what you did—good or bad—how would you live your life differently than you do now?
Have you ever impulsively acted in a way that changed your life forever?
If you could choose a life of ease, would you?
What wise advice do you wish you had followed?
Is it okay to “fake it until you make it,” or is it more important to be genuine?
Can a person be true to him or herself while also bending to the needs of others?
Do you enjoy being by yourself? 
Do you ever cave in to peer pressure, even if it’s not what you want to do?
Do you ever feel misunderstood? When does it happen the most?
Do you ever show off—even subtly—just to make other people think better of you?
Do you have any internal rules that you live by no matter what?
Do you have any real phobias?
Have you ever experienced something unbelievable—and people think you’re lying about it?
If there was ever a disaster in your town and everyone had to pitch in to rebuild, what part would you play?
If you could be like anyone in the world, who would it be?
If you had to live with only 5 material possessions, what would you choose?
Are you so competitive that you end up being a sore loser or gloating winner?
Is there a song whose lyrics speak to you?
What do you think is the best thing about you?
What is your most unusual talent?
What do you want more than anything else?
What would you keep even if you were offered all the money in the world for it?
What’s the title of your fictionalized life story? Does the hero live happily ever after?
When you feel anxious, what place, activity, or person makes you feel better?
When you’re sick, do you like to be babied or left alone?
Is life a computer simulation?
Do we have control over technology, or does it have control over us?
Is time a construct?
What unethical experiment would have the biggest positive impact on society as a whole?